Fix link to Kinesis repo (#7)
bbbbbrie/awesome-kinesis: README.md

## References
*References for additional information about the Kinesis keyboard*

> -   [Advantage2-SmartSet-App](https://github.com/KinesisCorporation/SmartSetApps) - Open sourced GUI for modifying the Advantage 2

Reviewer: Thank you very much for providing the updated link. Let's update the link text and the description to match the new repository. 

```suggestion
-   [KinesisCorporation/SmartSetApps](https://github.com/KinesisCorporation/SmartSetApps) - SmartSet apps for keyboards, foots pedals and more 
```
